[♪♪♪]
[CROWD CLAPPING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[ROARS]
Whoa. Noble.
[♪♪♪]
Frankie, I can't believe your
aunt is Maura the Magnificent.
That's so cool.
I know, right?
I just wish
she visited more often.
[♪♪♪]
I can't watch.
What's she doing to him?
And why aren't we
stopping her?
Don't worry,
it's all an act.
Yeah, it's magic.
Sort of like my hair.
That's more like tragic.
Excuse my tardiness, team.
I was filing a report
on the--
Oh, dear.
Those weapons appear dangerous.
GRAHAM:
Don't worry, Chase.
You'll see,
the man inside is fine.
A human is inside?
Move aside, citizens.
Chase, what are you doing?
There is a life in danger.
I am here to liberate you,
helpless human.
But where did the--?
Where did the helpless human
go?
No need to worry.
Look!
CHASE:
Where?
WOMAN:
Did you see that?
And thank you, giant robot,
for your assistance in my act.
Now, for my next trick--
Ah!
That wasn't it.
♪ A routine patrol
With four Bots in stasis ♪
♪ Years later awoke
In the strangest of places ♪
♪ Earth was their home
Now ♪
♪ And in addition ♪
♪ Optimus Prime gave them
This mission ♪
♪ Learn from the humans
Serve and protect ♪
♪ Live in their world
Earn their respect ♪
♪ A family of heroes
Will be your allies ♪
♪ To others
Remain robots in disguise ♪
♪ Rescue Bots ♪
♪ Roll to the rescue ♪
♪ Humans in need ♪
♪ Heroes indeed ♪
♪ Rescue Bots ♪
♪ Roll to the rescue ♪
CODY:
Sorry everybody, show's over.
[♪♪♪]
Apparently this temporary
performance structure
does not conform
to building codes.
It does.
I just don't think
this trap door
was expecting to hold
a giant robot.
Trap door? What treachery.
[HEATWAVE GRUNTS]
Ow.
Easy, Chase.
Let me take a look.
Your first time on-stage
and you literally break a leg.
I fail to see the humor
in this recap of events.
Sorry, Chase,
it's just an expression.
It means-- Never mind.
Our apologies, Maura.
Tech gone wrong.
Right, Doc?
Heh. Absolutely.
My sister knows
all about that.
You should have seen
what happened
to my first flock of doves.
That was one of the first
illusions you ever built, Ezra.
Doc made tricks for you?
Maura and I have always
worked together.
Magic is just science
dressed up,
and science,
no more than magic explained.
In fact, one of the reasons
I came to town
was to pick up the new illusion
he's built for me.
I assure you,
I am quite capable of--
Oh.
Sure you are.
Chief, my sincerest regrets
for my earlier actions.
I am ready to go on patrol.
Ouch. Nuts and bolts.
Lets just get you home, partner.
See if we can fix you up.
I'll give you a push, buddy.
How humiliating.
[WHIRRING]
How does it look, Blades?
He'll either have to go
into healing stasis
for a few days, or--
Unacceptable. Option B?
Stay off your feet
for a week.
[SIGH]
Then I choose
immobilization.
At least while conscious,
I can be of service to the team.
Hey, you can do my job
for a few days.
Watch the Command Center.
Excellent idea.
I have sworn to serve, save
and protect.
And a minor injury
will not keep me from my duties.
[GROANING]
Whoa, cowboy.
You have to sit still,
Chase.
Or you'll never get better.
We'll get you all set up.
[♪♪♪]
Chief, I feel
as if I have let you down.
Only if you don't rest,
partner.
I want you back out there
as soon as possible.
Till then, Dad, you can ride
with me and Blades.
A new passenger.
Oh. How about we offer
meal service?
And in-flight movies.
I saw this one
the other night
about a photographer
who witnesses a--
[ALARM BLARING]
We're needed.
Let's move, team.
HEATWAVE:
Rescue Bots. Roll to the rescue!
BLADES:
Our attendant will be coming
through the cabin shortly
to assure your seat belts
are fastened.
GRAHAM:
Completely stuck.
Boulder could dig a hole
under the rear tires,
that would give us
the leeway to--
CHASE [OVER RADIO]:
The driver clearly ignored
the posted warnings.
Chase?
I recommend citing him, Chief,
and confiscating
his truck as well.
Thanks for weighing in,
partner, but--
Hey, Dad. If we let a little air
out of the tire,
it'll make the truck
a few inches shorter.
The driver'll be able
to pass right through.
Good thinking, Cody.
A clever
and acceptable alternative.
Although it does not send
the message confiscation would.
Why don't you keep an eye
on the rest of the town, Chase.
We've got this
under control.
Copy, Chief.
I will follow your orders
and report everything
that happens on the island.
No, that's not what I--
Oh, boy.
[BEEPING]
[ACCORDION PLAYING]
[BARKING]
Fascinating.
MAURA:
No, I insist.
A motel is easier
for everyone.
Besides, I couldn't possibly
bring Blizzard
to stay at the lab.
I think he and Trex
would get along great.
Careful.
We just finished rehearsing
his part of the act,
and he's a little wound up.
Ooh, what does he do?
I'll show you.
[♪♪♪]
Wh--? But-- How did you--?
[BLIZZARD GROWLING]
A magician never reveals
her secrets.
Even to her favorite niece.
Here are the devices
for the new trick.
I just finished them.
I can't wait to try them.
After that dinner
you promised me.
[♪♪♪]
MRS. LUSKEY:
Sweetie, where are you?
Can you hear me?
Come back! Please!
Can anyone help me?
Attention! The mayor is missing
and his wife is in trouble.
Code Red at the corner
of Chaucer and Willow.
You heard him, team.
Let's go.
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN WAILS]
[YAPS]
There you are.
Naughty Poopsie.
[YAPPING]
[SIREN WAILS]
Mrs. Luskey,
are you all right?
Thank you, Chief.
I asked my husband
to walk Poopsie,
but he just let her
out on her own. Didn't he?
Yes, he did.
Argh. This is what Chase
called us about?
The dog?
[KADE YELPS]
Chase.
I know you're watching.
Do you see my face
right now?
Copy that.
But if I may explain--
My apologies, Chief.
From what I overheard,
it appeared
that both the mayor and
Mrs. Luskey were in jeopardy.
Well, mistakes happen,
Chase.
Next time just make sure
that what you hear
is what's actually
being said.
Perhaps I can make up for it
by giving you a progress report
on the rest of Griffin Rock.
Ahem. "Mr. Sharma
plays the accordion.
Mrs. Neederlander knitted a hat
for Mr. Pettypaws.
Mr. Alper and Mr. Harrison
enjoyed
what I believe
is called a BBQ." And--
Chase, I told you to keep
an eye out for trouble.
Trouble has many forms,
Chief.
For example,
those knitting needles,
in the wrong hands--
I meant report anything unusual
or out of the ordinary.
I suppose I am still unclear
what constitutes ordinary
when it comes
to human behavior.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, I can understand that.
Just think twice
before declaring an emergency.
Understood, sir.
Hmm. Odd.
Or perhaps ordinary?
Definitely odd.
What on earth?
Where did he--?
Chief, Code Red.
Chase,
we just talked about this.
Please refer
to your monitor.
CHIEF:
Whoa.
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN WAILS]
[SCREAMING]
There's a giant cat
in there.
Kade,
how could there be a--?
Nice kitty.
[ROARS]
There's a giant cat
out here!
Maura's assistant
is still inside.
There's no one there, Chase.
I checked.
Just the tiger.
But I saw him enter.
MAURA:
Ah! My room.
What happened?
Somehow a fire started.
Someone may have gone
in there.
Chief, I am certain that--
Thank goodness
Blizzard is all right.
Wait.
Oh.
Your new devices.
Now what will I do
for my grand finale?
Huh.
I wonder why those two wood
barrels didn't burn in the fire?
For one thing, those aren't just
any old barrels.
They're magic.
Who is that?
Your great-grandmother,
Lorraine.
Before she married
Grandpa Greene,
she was a magician too.
Two magicians in the family?
Whoa.
Uh, Daddy, heh, I may rethink
this scientist thing.
I'll be proud
no matter what you are,
my little wunderkind.
Lorraine planned to go over
Griffin Falls in one of these.
But she left magic behind
to raise a family.
This could be my chance
to do the barrel trick for her.
Maura, you can't.
That's not magic or science.
Just madness.
I know the secret of these
barrels, little brother.
Great-grandma showed me.
Will you tell us?
Please?
Heh-heh-heh. All right.
There's one barrel
to show the crowd,
and one barrel
that's air-pressurized inside.
Like riding
on a cushion of air.
So you see,
it's magic and science.
It still seems
awfully dangerous.
CHIEF:
Cody?
Once we get the cage back inside
we'll be taking off.
You'd better stay with us,
Maura.
But Blizzard
should be fine here.
CHASE:
Chief, if I may.
What is it, Chase?
I received several calls.
Three stores
have been robbed downtown.
Why didn't you tell me
sooner?
I was not certain
you would believe me.
Chase-- Hmph.
Did you see anything
on your monitors?
Nothing.
That is the curious part.
None of the shop owners
noticed any sign of suspects.
The cash was taken
in broad daylight.
We'll follow up.
Stay in touch.
Team, split up.
Let's go talk
to those shop owners.
An invisible thief?
Let me guess.
Invisible thief?
I've been reading
about a man named Occam.
He says
the simplest explanation
is usually the right one.
Exactly.
The thief is a ghost.
Or perhaps the missing assistant
could have something to do
with these robberies.
He did disappear from the room,
before my eyes.
We checked with Maura,
Chase.
Her assistant's safe
and accounted for.
He's staying with family
here on the island.
Thanks for your concern,
partner,
but we're dealing
with reality here.
Not magic.
Curse my aching metal body.
If only I could pursue
my own investigation.
Hm. Perhaps...
[BEEPS]
[RINGING]
Hey, Cody.
Francine, this is Chase.
You may remember me
from the Rescue Team.
Uh, yeah, Chase.
Heh, I know who you are.
What's up?
If you would be so kind,
I require your assistance.
[♪♪♪]
FRANKIE:  Wanderer to base.
Come in, base.
Report your location, Wanderer.
I do not have visual.
Ah. Excellent disguise.
And there is
the suspect now.
He's the one
you want me to follow?
What exactly
did he do again?
So far, all we know for certain
is that he disappeared.
But he's a magician's assistant.
That's kind of his job.
He vanished
from your aunt's room.
Then,
so did her magic trick.
And then, elsewhere,
so did thousands of dollars.
Ah! And you think
it could all be linked.
Exactly.
And you must be my hands
and feet and find the proof.
Aw. I lost him.
Perhaps he spotted you?
No way.
I'm in stealth mode.
There he is. Exactly where
crooks always return to.
Jail?
The scene of the crime.
Although there is no hard data
to support that theory.
He's gone.
Ah! Chase, I'm gonna get
to the bottom of this.
Francine, no.
You dropped your comm link.
Hello?
Ah! Who's there?
[BLIZZARD GROWLING]
Oh dear, oh dear.
Francine, what's happening?
[PANTING]
Uh-oh.
Uh...
Nice Blizzard.
[ROARS]
[SIREN WAILS]
Chief, do you see Francine?
Not yet, Chase. Sit tight.
We have it from here.
Frankie? Frankie?
Locked. Heatwave.
On it.
[FRANKIE LAUGHING]
Good boy. Let me down.
You're okay?
Of course. Heh. Watch this.
Blizzard, sit.
Shake.
Roll over.
[CHUCKLES]
He's like a big
friendly dog.
That could tear you
limb from limb.
Thank you for calling,
Chief.
Is everyone okay?
Frankie?
Why are you dressed
like that?
Um, there were these robberies
and nobody saw any suspects,
and Chase saw the assistant
disa--
Chase put you up to this?
Okay, now he's gone too far.
Chase, are you there?
Do you realize the danger
you put Frankie in?
I apologize.
My fervor for catching the
offender clouded my judgment.
My apologies to you as well,
Dr. Greene.
Accepted, Chase.
Although your suspicions
about Maura's assistant
may be correct.
What?
Keeping Griffin Rock safe
is more important
than keeping a secret.
What secret?
The new trick I devised
for Maura
was a set
of invisibility cloaks.
Well, they're more
like ponchos, really,
but her assistant
is the only other person
who knows about them.
And he could be using one
to rob places all over town.
DANI:
Dad, two more stores robbed,
two more invisible thieves.
Here. These are all the places
where cash was stolen.
They form a circle.
And look
what's in the middle.
ALL:
The bank.
The other robberies
were just a dress rehearsal
for the big show.
I know I don't wear clothes,
but why would you need
to practice getting dressed?
No, Blades, it's just an exp--
Oh, never mind.
If the bank is our thief's
next target,
this is our chance
to catch him red-handed.
[♪♪♪]
Once the robber hits
this trip wire,
it'll trigger the hologram ray
and expose him,
invisible or not.
And how long do we wait?
Well, until--
[ALARM BLARING]
That happens.
[WHIRRING]
It's him.
Two?
Of course.
It's classic
magician strategy.
Hire twins
for a vanishing act.
That's how he was able
to reappear in the tree.
I think there may be
another trick going on.
CODY:
Evan and Myles.
I had no idea.
I'd better let Maura know
what her assistants really are.
And here's their stash!
Looks like you were right,
Chase.
Sorry we doubted you.
Great work.
All in the line of duty,
sir.
Though I must say, vindication
is a not unpleasant sensation.
Maura, we were right
about your assistant.
Or should I say assistants.
That explains
why they didn't show up today
to help with my big trick.
You're still going through
with it?
As advertised.
I'm going to make Grandma
proud.
Have to run.
FRANKIE:
Hey, Dad.
Isn't this Aunt Maura's
magic barrel?
You're right.
But what is she about to go down
the falls in?
[♪♪♪]
Chase, can you see
what's going on at the Falls?
I can. But is it not
another magic act?
This time, I'm afraid
Maura's in real danger.
Blades and Dani
are on their way,
but it's going to take
the rest of us a while
to get all the way to--
Chase? Are you there?
[SIREN WAILING]
Griffin Falls souvenirs,
get 'em here!
Hurry!
Hold on.
[CROWD SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY]
MAN:
I don't believe it.
Ta-da!
Thank you. Thank you very--
Whoa!
[CROWD GASPING]
MAN:
I don't believe it.
[CROWD SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY]
[CROWD CLAPPING]
Thank goodness you're safe.
And also thanks
to my loyal assistant.
Happy to be of service,
ma'am.
Next time, please watch
where you step
and avoid waterfalls.
But I don't understand.
How did you do the trick
without Great-grandma's barrel?
With an updated and improved one
based on her design.
[SIGHS]
I just wanted it
to go perfectly,
and make her proud.
And I'm sure
she's very proud.
[♪♪♪]
I'd say you're ready
to get back to work.
Perhaps.
But there are a few things
I'd like to check on first.
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
Humans.
As mysterious and inexplicable
as any magic trick.
[♪♪♪]